ABBY: Previously on Dance Moms,
things are going to be
a little bit different this time.
Maddie and Chloe
will go head to head.
CATHY: We have our nemesis here again.
The Abby Lee Dance Company, boo.
Where's Brooke?
I don't think she's coming this weekend.
You're dismissed, you're dismissed.
There will be no group dance this week.
That's it.
ANNOUNCER: And our top soloist--
Chloe from Abby Lee Dance.
Listen, disco ball,
I'm not talking to you today.
-Move along.
-Oh, my God.
ABBY: Coming up on Dance Moms,
I'm bringing in another member.
I don't think she's replacing Paige.
She just did.
CHRISTI: Chloe's crying.
ABBY: I expect more from you.
What kind of parenting is that?
If you do good in that trio,
this 20 bucks is yours.
CHRISTI:
Don't you say that to my daughter!
ABBY: Look at the way that you act!
Be a role model!
She came in here,
had this snotty little attitude,
and you back her up.
(theme music playing)
SINGER: ♪Get up♪
♪Get on the floor♪
♪My world is with my girls ♪
♪ Living on the dance floor♪
(upbeat music playing)
Girls, let's go.
Come on.
Come on, we have lots of work
to do today.
Congratulations on another
victorious weekend.
(applause)
ABBY: You won.
However, I see things that I need to fix.
Paige, you were okay in the group,
but you know that you messed up
that whole leap downstage.
Kendall, on the grand jete,
you did it crossing to the right.
So we couldn't see
if the hips were in line or not.
Nia, you did a great job
in the group dance.
You did not pull my eyes negatively,
but I want you to start pulling
my eyes positively.
This week we are attending
Hollywood Vibe.
Those judges, and the directors,
and everybody that runs Hollywood Vibe,
they are from LA,
or they are from New York City.
They are looking
for the next big thing, the next star,
the next little kid to be in their video
or their commercial,
so you need to bring the A game.
Moms?
CHRISTI: I expect nothing less
from Abby Lee Miller than putting
an exorbitant amount of pressure
on small children.
That's what she does.
On to the pyramid.
(tense music playing)
I'm not even going to discuss this.
I'm moving on to Paige.
The reason Paige
is on the bottom of the pyramid
is because she just
does not apply corrections.
You're going to have to work
back up that ladder.
Next I have Nia.
You've been working very hard,
but you still have to fix
those technical issues.
Kendall.
Kendall, you are still on probation.
Mom, it's a long process.
-(laughter)
-Oh, my God.
Why is Kendall still on probation?
It's making me crazy.
Mackenzie.
you were the overall high school winner
of the primary age division.
You proved yourself in the group
with Apples,
and you proved your solo.
I knew I could get higher
in the pyramid,
because I did great last week.
ABBY: Maddie.
Maddie, I thought
you did a great job
in the group and your solo.
Well, keep working.
You need something to work for.
And on top of the pyramid this week,
Chloe.
(applause)
ABBY: Chloe had to be
on top of the pyramid.
She was the overall high score winner,
and that's usually the person
that's in that key position.
It will be, you know,
up to Chloe if she stays
in that position or not.
You did something out there,
you made your mother cry,
she was bawling.
Don't make me cry, make me smile.
I think this is a little hard on Melissa.
Chloe is above Maddie on the pyramid.
So it's like celebration day.
Ice cream for everyone.
ABBY:
This week in Hollywood Vibe, Chloe,
you will be doing a solo again.
Maddie, you will also be doing a solo.
And we're going to do a trio,
and the trio is going to be Chloe, Maddie,
and--
(tense music playing)
Kendall.
PAIGE: As a dancer,
I've been in this trio since I was four.
I think I should be in the trio,
and I think because Miss Abby's mad
at Brooke and my mom
that she's taking it out on me.
ABBY: Kendall, you stepped it up
from Apple's last week.
But now I need to see
if you can hang with Chloe and Maddie.
KELLY: I am not mad because
Kendall was put in the dance.
I know that Abby is doing it
because she wants to hurt me
and hurt my kid.
Let me talk about the group dance.
It's a contemporary lyrical routine.
I am putting art on the stage.
It's going to be about a bully.
MADDIE: The group number this week
is about bullying,
and I actually have got bullied
before on my bus.
And I've also seen a lot
of bullying at my school.
There needs to be somebody
that's the bully.
HOLLY: I think it's incredibly ironic
that Abby's choice of dance
is about bullying considering
her methods of teaching.
ABBY:
Nia, you are going to be the bully.
Somebody has to be the bad guy.
(laughter)
GIRL: I can't imagine that.
ABBY: But she's an actress,
she has to act.
WOMAN: She's right, it's acting.
ABBY: So you're going to be my bully.
-Yes?
-Okay.
I'm so happy, because this Abby chose me
to be the one that's starring
in the group dance this week.
You have to be big, and strong,
and tough, and nasty.
HOLLY: Nia finally gets a special part,
she gets a featured role,
and I'm happy for her.
Finally she gets a chance.
But I'm not happy with Nia
being selected to portray a bully.
That leaves me
with one more bit of news.
I know that they're all assuming
that that's Brooke
underneath that piece of paper,
but it's not.
I always have a trick up my sleeve.
(dramatic music playing)
I'm bringing in another member,
a strong dancer,
that can go up against our bully.
We were looking for one person.
Find her a spot--solo, duet, anything.
Give her something.
Please welcome Peyton.
(squealing)
(dramatic music playing)
-(squealing)
-GIRL: No.
My name is Peyton.
I'm 14 years old,
and I've been dancing at Abby's
for about four years.
Not everybody is able to make
Abby Lee Dance Company's
competition group.
So for me to be a part of it,
I was so excited.
Okay, girls. Enough, come on, come on.
JILL: What is Peyton doing here?
She's going to come in
and try to take this spot
right out from under Kendall.
I hate this whole idea.
ABBY: Peyton,
you finally have a place.
But you need to prove yourself.
You are on probation.
You are the new kid on the block.
It's a whole new ball game.
Without Brooke
there is only one spot open
on this competition team.
Kendall and Peyton
both want that spot.
Let's get ready to rehearse.
Moms, you're dismissed.
(upbeat music playing)
ABBY: Soutenu, outside
compass, chaines,
up, up, chaines, down, down.
CHRISTI: Chloe, Maddie, and Paige have had
a trio since they were four years old.
MELISSA: Undefeated, I have you.
-KELLY: Yes, we have never lost.
-Never.
And I just think that
that's really rotten
that Paige was pulled from that trio.
-I don't think she's replacing Paige.
-KELLY: Well, she did.
I honestly--
She just did.
CHRISTI:
Jill's a little Pollyanna right now.
She's like, oh, this is all so great.
Everybody gets a turn.
Well, you know what?
Not with the trio.
The trio is sort of something
that's untouchable,
you leave it alone.
Shove her forward.
Go.
(dramatic music playing)
Do you see what Nia's doing?
ABBY: Bigger, harder, let's go.
Push her.
Every single night on the news,
you hear something about bullying
and problems in our schools today.
And I think it's important
for the children as artists
to convey that message to their audience.
Push her.
MELISSA: And then she's probably
going to have to kick somebody.
(woman gasping)
Stick it in their face.
And then pull Kendall's ponytails.
ABBY: Keep working on it.
Oh, this is ridiculous.
The role of a dance mom is not easy.
Sometimes you have to make
really tough decisions,
and this is one of those times.
Nia was not going to portray the bully.
There was no need for her
to have that role.
She can play lots of characters,
but she's not playing a bully.
-What?
-I have a huge problem
with Nia portraying the bully.
I know you're going to say,
she's playing a character.
I finally give you a part, kid.
HOLLY: I know.
I want her to be a featured part.
I just want her to be a part--
I want her to be part of the dance.
At my school
there is a zero tolerance policy
regarding bullying.
I wish there was
a zero tolerance policy also
at the dance studio too.
Peyton, you're the bully.
Nia, you're not the bully.
NIA: My mom didn't like the part
that I was doing in the dance,
because it's a bully,
and I'm not a bully.
ABBY: You got a featured part
in a number,
and your mom took it away from you.
Not me.
She took a part away from her child.
I didn't.
HOLLY: I want Nia to have a feature part.
I wanted her to be part of the dance.
But I don't want her to have
that featured part.
Chloe, you're going to enter first.
Right there.
You're on the top of the pyramid,
don't push it.
I don't know why your mother doesn't
say you have confidence.
You are the cockiest kid
I've ever worked with.
CHRISTI:
Isn't it ironic that Abby's tactics
are very equivalent to bullying
in a dance about bullying.
I'm giving you both legs straight,
and you're doing one bent.
Do you understand?
She just doesn't have a brain
in her head, move in.
CHRISTI: I have to be very careful
of the battles I pick with Abby,
because Abby doesn't like me.
She's made that perfectly clear.
But when I see Chloe starting to cry,
and I see the tears actually on her shirt
of her dance wear,
I'm thinking, oh God,
what is going on in there?
She's an evil bitch.
Chloe's crying.
ABBY: I expect more from you.
You should know
what's straight legs are.
And you ignore me,
and you just keep going.
CHLOE: I'm a little upset,
because I didn't understand
what Miss Abby was saying
to me for choreography.
ABBY: You're not a choreographer,
don't start being one.
CHLOE: And she yelled at me,
because I was doing another thing.
She was like, you're choreographing,
and I really wasn't trying to choreograph.
I just didn't know what she meant.
She'll come out.
KELLY: She isn't going to come out.
Do you want to go down and see?
-KELLY: Abby will kill her.
-I can't walk in that room.
Well, Chloe isn't
going to walk out.
-HOLLY: Go get her.
-KELLY: Then she'll yelled at more.
ABBY: You're on the top of the pyramid.
Suck it up.
The next kid's on speed dial
to come to the studio.
(dramatic music playing)
-(doorbell)
-(screeches)
KELLY: Brooke made
the cheerleading team,
and I thought it was a good idea
to have all the girls
come to my house and have a party
to congratulate Brooke.
Oh, I love you.
MACKENZIE: I miss Brooke.
I miss having her here
on the dance team.
Is cheerleading different than dance?
Is the teacher nicer than Miss Abby?
PAIGE: Brooke, show us something
that you learned from cheer.
Ready? Okay.
(girls giggling)
PAIGE: Two, four, six, eight,
who do we appreciate?
Nia! Nia!
-Go Nia!
-(giggling)
I miss you, Brooke.
You're like--you're, like,
the best friend ever.
GIRL: You're my sister.
BROOKE: I really miss the girls.
They're pretty much a part of my family,
and I feel like I haven't seen them
in years.
Do you wish you were coming
with us this week?
No, because I'm going to a football game.
Do you want to come back to dance?
I don't know.
ABBY: Tuck, ball change.
Plie and push.
MADDIE: I really want to dance around
and beat Chloe and get back
to the top of the pyramid.
ABBY: Five and six, seven and eight.
I think Maddie's ready
for the challenge
of going up against me,
because she's a very strong dancer.
So I hope I do great at my solo.
(tense music playing)
Peyton's things working out fine.
She, again, is a natural-born leader,
so she's taking the place
of Brooke rather well.
She counts the music, she gets it.
Her and Maddie
have worked together before,
so they're doing some partner work.
JILL: That is amazing,
because they're all different ages,
but they're all the same height.
And then we got big Peyton.
My name is Leslie,
and I've been in Abby's for four years.
JILL: I just really hope that Peyton
doesn't look too big.
I don't understand
why Peyton is back in the picture.
Peyton's too big, she's going
to stand out like a sore thumb.
Now, Kendall fits right into this group.
LESLIE: Call bias, I'm her mother.
I think she's the better dancer.
I'm going to say she's a better dancer
than Kendall in this style.
I do understand that Jill
would be uncomfortable.
I'm going to let her know
that I think Peyton
should be on this team
and not her daughter.
I've put more time in than she has.
I think Peyton being picked
to be showcased
as the bully in the lead--
But she got that by default.
Well, Jill, they could have given it
to Kendall,
but no, they gave it to Peyton,
and I think Abby made the right choice.
ABBY: I don't know Jill well enough
to guesstimate
how she's going to handle Leslie,
but I do know Leslie.
And I'll tell you what,
Jill better get a own baseball bat out.
She originally picked Kendall
over Peyton
to dance with this group,
and my fear is now that we need an extra,
she's putting Peyton in.
Originally, she didn't want Peyton.
There had to have been
a reason behind it,
and I hope that doesn't hurt the group
in the long run.
That's all. I know she's a good dancer.
Then why do you think they put in it
when they could have picked somebody else?
Because you reamed her out, and said,
you better find a spot for her.
LESLIE: And who am?
Who am I?
Why does my--why is my word gold?
You said before you had Abby's ear,
-and I actually I do commend you on that.
-I do have Abby's ear.
That's exactly why.
We'll see.
I'm a little concerned right now
about Leslie,
because I know
at the open audition,
she had a blowout with Abby.
And I know that she asked Abby
to do whatever she had to do
to get Peyton on with this dance team.
Put that big bully in there.
(laughter)
-JILL: (indistinct)
-Like mother, like daughter.
She's a big bully, not just a bully.
More person to watch.
(upbeat music playing)
ABBY: A trio is one
of the most difficult numbers to do
because of spacing.
You rehearse those groups
over and over
so you have spatial awareness
of where everybody is.
Paige, are you running the music?
I think that Kendall is doing a great job.
I don't know if Paige would
have been a better choice or not
given the fact that
it's a very difficult choreography
count wise.
Six, seven, and eight.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, eight.
That feels awkward.
I think Paige would have been Darling
as an actress,
but her ability to comprehend
quickly and remember
is not to where Kendall's is.
JILL: Poor Paige? Where's Paige at?
Uh-oh, I think
she's running the music, Kelly.
That is like, such (bleep).
KELLY: So Abby's running
practice for the trio,
she has Paige running the music.
First of all,
you replaced her with Kendall.
And now you have her sitting in there
watching her learn the choreography
and having her playing the music
while they're learning it.
Like, why would you do that
to a 10-year-old kid?
It's just wrong.
There's no reason my daughter
should be sitting in that room
playing music.
She's just doing it to hurt her.
LESLIE: I love when Abby dances
with the group. Look at that.
I know, it cracks me up.
Okay, I'm going to look--
I would love to see her do
one turn though.
-(indistinct)
-Ha!
On a pigeon toe.
KELLY: (yells) I don't think
she could do something on one foot.
Her leg can't hold up her body.
CHRISTI: Can you imagine that ankle?
It would be screaming stop!
(laughter)
I don't think that would work.
(soft music playing)
LESLIE: I was very surprised
that Abby called me
and asked Peyton to fill in for Brooke.
And I knew when I got back that I really
should get together with the moms.
And I just wanted to talk with them
and have coffee and lunch
and just see how they felt
about Peyton joining their team.
I am so excited, and I wanted
to let you know how excited I am
that Peyton is actually competing
with this dance team now.
CHRISTI: I'm a little skeptical why Leslie
wants to invite us out for coffee.
I've known Leslie for a long time,
and there's usually
an underhanded motive behind Leslie.
And Brooke wants to cheerlead.
Why do you get up every single day
and drive to that studio
if this lady tortures you?
I just need that answer.
My daughter, Paige,
wants to be there with her friends.
Okay, Christi, let's go to you.
Why are you there then?
-If she had been--
-You know what, Leslie?
That's between me and my daughter.
I don't feel like I have to sit here
and answer to people why.
You don't have to answer,
but you do complain about it a lot.
Yes.
MELISSA: Leslie kind of likes
to take charge of every situation.
It's just her--it's just her way.
If it comes down to it
and Brooke does come back,
I think Brooke and Peyton
should be able to say before Kendall.
You are new.
You're on probation.
Peyton should not be on probation.
Hi.
(interposing voices)
Thanks for coming.
What did Nia have to say
last night about it?
She was upset.
I understand why I shouldn't be the bully,
because people would think
I was a bad person.
I mean, we've had many issues
and conversations
over the years of Abby
about certain stereotypes.
And at a certain point,
we have to draw the line.
And having been portrayed
as an aggressive person,
it's just--that was--it was too much.
LESLIE: Again, though, it's just a dance.
It's just a dance for you,
but it's part of my identity.
-So it goes beyond the dance.
-Right.
Leslie is a very strong personality.
She's not so open to hearing
other people's ideas.
I'm just saying my opinion--
I still stand by my decision
that my daughter dances
in whatever number is put there.
She's going to do,
and she's going to act out that part.
That's what my kids are going to do.
She told Chloe last night
that she has got somebody
on speed dial to replace her.
You know she just says that.
I know, but it makes me--
(interposing voices)
But you still bring your daughter back
to cry the next day.
I don't get it.
Well, you don't have to get it, Leslie.
You know what I say to Peyton
when Abby says something to her?
Shut up and take it,
or find a new studio painting
that you don't feel this way
when you leave here.
That's your opinion about the situation,
mine is different.
Well, if you feel that bad
that your daughter is crying
and you don't take her
somewhere else, Christi,
then what kind of parenting is that?
Because it doesn't bother me
that Peyton cries.
Ugh!
But it still doesn't make it any easier
when I'm watching my daughter cry.
Then shut up.
No one's holding a gun to your head
and driving you here.
Go somewhere else.
-Like where--
-Leslie--
Go somewhere else.
(dramatic music playing)
ABBY: Everybody
up on the runway, go.
When Abby walks in with those
costumes, all I'm thinking is,
this is like, prostitots the sequel.
As a mom, I'm saying, like,
bare midriffs and fishnets--
WOMAN: In school girls.
HOLLY: It's not right, it's over the top.
MELISSA: Well, I like fishnets.
I think they're cute, but not with this.
I don't get the holes in the tights.
ABBY: You don't need to get it,
you're not judging.
-LESLIE: Okay.
-ABBY: Don't worry about it.
You have to understand, Leslie,
I'm going with Peyton as the bully.
She's older, she would be like
the trashy, mean bad girl
that's up to no good Catholic school.
That's what I'm going for.
Bully and bad girl
is different from trashy, Abby.
-Trashy means sleazy, slutty--
-ABBY: No, I--
LESLIE: She's 14.
She's not--that's not
what she's portraying a bully,
not some sleaze in some strip joint.
ABBY: I don't care
what any of those moms say.
It's my studio, it's my company,
and they needed something
cutting edge for this routine.
I want the number to be good,
because I've got a lot at stake here.
So Abby, whatever you think
is going to make the number--
Okay, decision made.
I am telling you girls this,
I'm sick and tired
of talking to your mothers.
Knee socks, no fishnets.
Red trunks, bare midriffs.
Everybody understand?
Okay, Melissa, Maddie is going to wear
her hair in two ponytails.
So the kick me sign goes in the middle.
When you do those ponytails,
I want them way up here.
I don't want her hair
getting on to the side.
Okay, thank you.
This weekend the Abby Lee Dance Company
is headed to St. Louis,
and we're going to attend
Hollywood Vibe.
The word is out--they know
the Abby Lee Dance Company is coming.
And lots of people are ready
to kick our butts.
Here we are.
Girls, I need everyone's attention.
This is Hollywood Vibe.
These people are working professionals.
They're from New York or LA.
Even the person that put you on backstage,
chances are, come Monday,
they are working in some studio,
or some talent agency,
or some casting agency.
This is important.
It could be important to you
for the rest of your life,
let alone me.
I have two moms on probation
and two children on probation.
But I don't think they're really equal.
I think Jill feels that since
she's been doing this for three weeks
that she's ahead of the game
and that Peyton is just coming in.
But I don't think Leslie
realizes that at all.
Peyton, I really want you to work,
get your leaps up there.
I'm trying.
I know you're trying,
but you have to harder.
Listen, this is it, you get one shot.
If you don't do good today,
you're not going to be on the team.
I saw the looks that Jill
was giving Peyton and I
being that our dressing table
was right next to Kendall and Jill's.
But that's fine, we can take it all in.
Hey, it's more competitiveness for us.
You've got the performance,
you'll beat anybody in the performance.
Jill is the new person on the block,
so you know, she's got to be worried,
she should be worried.
I want you going over that trio
a bazillion times,
because I need to know
that you know it inside and out.
I'm a wreck,
because I really want her to give 110%,
and I can't stand this idea
of still being put on probation.
You do good in that trio,
don't forget, this $20 is yours.
Put it right there, you can have it.
MADDIE: It was kind of weird
that Jill bribed Kendall with $20,
because usually the moms
don't do that here.
Or they only do it
with like ice cream or something.
Jill, Leslie, don't forget,
-your girls are still on probation.
-Right.
-Yes?
-Yes.
So we need to see how this goes.
And you two are kind
of on probation too.
You go right along with the student.
I need you to show Abby...
(interposing voices)
...so she gets off your back
and off my back.
All this probation stuff,
I've about had it.
You know, we're not going to let
Peyton step in
and take this out from under you.
So you go out there
and you show her why she picked you
and that she made the right decision.
-Okay.
-You got it?
Yeah.
(upbeat music playing)
There's one number, guys.
We're going to go.
The most important thing you do
is when you get up off the floor,
you need to move back
so that you have somewhere to dance.
All right, come on, let's go.
(cheering and applause)
So the trio is announced, and it's obvious
to everyone in the audience
that Chloe is a mile away from them.
Is Chloe supposed to be over there?
I don't know.
I don't think they would be
having problems with the trio
if Paige was in it.
And I think just throwing a new
person in it, it's not working.
(tense music playing)
WOMAN: I don't know
how I've lasted this long with him.
Joan, he means well.
For all his book smarts,
he has not one ounce of common sense.
Well, that's not his fault.
How's that? He's a man.
That's just the way men are.
There's no trust, no faith, no honesty.
Men, it's just in their DNA to be--
Annoying? Precisely.
(upbeat music playing)
SINGER: ♪I'm so annoyed
with all these crazy boys♪
♪I'm tired of the foolish noise♪
♪Thinking we can't live without 'em♪
♪Girl, they're so confused♪
♪I'm not trying to be rude♪
♪And I ain't got no attitude♪
♪The truth is, we don't need them♪
♪Hey, where is a man?♪
♪Where is a man?♪
♪Where is a good man?♪
♪Hey, where is a man?♪
♪Where is a man?♪
♪Where is a good man?♪
♪Hey, where is a man?♪
♪Where is a man?♪
♪Where is a good man?♪
♪Hey, where is a man?♪
♪Where is a man?♪
♪Where is a good man?♪
♪Hey, where is a man?♪
♪Where is a man?♪
♪Where is a good man?♪
(cheering and applause)
(upbeat music playing)
Woo, girls.
What did you think?
It was good.
Kendall, right when I thought I was
going to order that sweatsuit for you,
I saw that foot up in the air. Yes?
I was going to give you your sweat suit,
but I'm not going to.
You're still on probation.
I was so angry with her.
You have to angle yourself and make sure
that people don't see things.
Okie-doke?
Spacing was a little off
the beginning, Chloe.
You're way far stage left. Yes?
It's funny. The girl at the
top of the pyramid
takes the fall for the spacing
being screwed up in the trio.
You know, it was all Chloe's fault.
But meanwhile, there's a huge microphone
where she was supposed
to be sitting on stage.
So wisely, she chose not to sit
on the microphone
and straddle it but sit next to it.
That's why, moms, you go into
the audience ahead of time,
before the competition starts,
you look at it,
you figure out
where you're going to be lined up.
You figure that all out.
Chloe, the pressure is on. Yes?
Abby is the one who
brought Chloe to this place
that she can't get out of this head space.
And she's going to beat herself
in her own mind.
(upbeat music playing)
ABBY: The solos are coming up next.
After that disappointing trio performance,
Chloe and Maddie
better get their heads in the game
and figure out how to be the best.
(cheering and applause)
I'm nervous for my solo.
I want to dance really well, beat Chloe,
and get back to the top of the pyramid.
ANNOUNCER: Please welcome to the stage,
The Girl I Want To Be.
(cheering and applause)
SINGER: ♪I got a picture
with a girl I want to be♪
♪Dancing round inside my head♪
♪I haven't met her
she's just a better, brighter me♪
♪But I ended up like this instead♪
♪Oh, she knows ♪
♪She holds the world in her hands♪
♪Oh, she knows♪
♪That she's brave enough
to take a stand♪
♪I got a picture of the girl I wanna be♪
♪I hope that one day that girl is me♪
-I love you.
-(cheering and applause)
ABBY: I thought Maddie
was a seasoned professional.
I thought she looked amazing.
The pressure is on.
Chloe better dance her ass off
if she plans on staying
on top of that pyramid.
Chloe, come on. Five numbers.
Turn that right leg out.
Face, face, face, face.
Who are you staring at? Focus.
Chloe's getting ready to go on
and perform.
She's at the top of the pyramid this week,
and you once you're at the top,
the only place to go is down.
And I think there's a
lot of pressure on her.
She has a lot riding on this,
as far as Abby's concerned.
Now you realize that I am
letting you do this a little
because you've earned it.
I put you at the top of that pyramid,
and you deserve it.
Do you understand?
It's one thing getting on top,
but it's a whole other thing
staying on top.
Miss Abby keep saying,
everyone's replaceable.
And I'm a little nervous.
I hope she doesn't mean me.
(tense music playing)
(cheering and applause)
ANNOUNCER: Next we're going to act
number 43, This Is Proof.
(cheering and applause)
(instrumental music playing)
SINGER: ♪After all that's said and done♪
♪I'll be here and I will be the one♪
♪It's all for you ♪
♪ There's nothing that I wouldn't do♪
♪After all, we're only young♪
♪And we have time to hear
the music playing♪
♪Because there's a drum ♪
♪ Inside the core of everyone♪
♪There's proof enough♪
(cheering and applause)
For all of the nervousness
and anticipation
that Chloe had in the green room
over her solo,
she stepped on stage
and she danced it just like
I thought she would do.
I just don't know why she
gets in that head space
and can't get out of it.
Like, oh, it's so frustrating for me.
KIDS: Chloe! Chloe!
WOMAN: Good job!
Well done.
Good job, Chloe.
ABBY: Chloe's solo, I saw a few things
that she did wrong.
Otherwise, she did a really nice job.
Okay, that's over.
How do you think you did, Chloe?
-CHLOE: Good.
-ABBY: Good? All right.
Let's get ready for this group number.
CHLOE: I thought I did pretty good,
and I kind of wish Miss Abby
would pay attention
more to me and my solo as much as she does
to Maddie and her solo.
ABBY: All right, let's go,
let's go, let's go.
Does everyone have their socks taped?
-Yes?
-KID: Run it with us.
What color jazz shoes? Black?
ABBY: Did you really ask that, Jill?
She has black socks on?
What color would you wear?
Once again, we're in the green room,
and like, nothing's right,
there's no time to rehearse,
the girls aren't ready,
Maddie's pigtails are all askew.
It's mayhem.
LESLIE: Okay.
Now marking it, forgot it?
You're kidding me.
Thank gosh we're run through it.
Come on, Paige.
You want to start it with me?
Leslie, were you a dance teacher
in your past life?
No, why?
Because you tell her what to do. She's 14.
-I'm allowed to talk to my daughter.
-ABBY: No, I just think
that you're treating her like a baby.
I'm not treating her like a baby.
I'm her mother, and she's my daughter,
and she's dancing.
I'm reiterating
what you tell her all the time.
If you don't know it yet,
you're never going to know it.
Got it?
Not five minutes before you go on.
PEYTON: I don't think it's fair that Abby
yells at the parents
just because the parents know what to do.
They're mom's for a reason,
they're helping us.
So I don't think that
if she's not in the conversation,
don't join the conversation.
It wasn't meant for you.
Let's go.
We have to be ready.
We're on in one number, let's go.
HOLLY: They have to know the number.
Let them finish running it.
If it goes on and we miss it,
then it doesn't matter
if they know it or not.
What's the difference?
HOLLY: Doesn't make a difference
if they go on stage
-and look like fools?
-LESLIE: It does make a difference.
(interposing voices)
Let them run the number.
-Leslie, it's your first week here.
-It matter if they know it or not.
What's the difference? We got to go.
ABBY: Leslie, we've been doing this
every single weekend.
It will be fine.
You're the new man on the block.
-I understand, but guess what?
-Don't make waves.
LESLIE: Are they going to hold it for us?
Probably not for Leslie Ackerman.
Maybe for Abby Lee Miller.
Okay.
It's my name, my reputation, not yours.
CHRISTI: It's their names too.
-Exactly.
-CHRISTI: You keep saying it's only you,
but these kids are the ones on the stage.
Right, Christi,
they're Abby Lee's these kids.
But they're Chloe, and Nia,
and Maddie, and Peyton.
Abby's sitting there
barking at these girls--
it's my name, it's my name.
And for God's sakes,
we are so tired of hearing
it's your name. It's not.
When Chloe stands on stage,
people are looking at Chloe.
When Maddie's on stage,
they're looking at Maddie, and Nia.
Yes, they dance under Abby's studio,
but ultimately, they're the ones on stage.
Paige, come here, honey.
She destroys you.
Don't you say that to my daughter.
ABBY: Look at the way you act!
Be a role model!
I am a role model, Abby!
You're the worst role model here.
(upbeat music playing)
ANNOUNCER: This is at number 34,
"What Comes Around."
(cheering and applause)
(dramatic music playing)
SINGER: ♪I had your back
thought you had mine♪
♪But we've been friends forever♪
♪And I trusted you, if I only knew♪
♪But my heart was blind♪
ABBY: The group number started,
Peyton and Maddie come downstage,
and Peyton takes a kick me sign
and puts it on her back.
Maddie's ponytails
we're kind of in the way,
and Peyton put it up too high.
So instead of enjoying the number,
we're all looking at Maddie's back
to see if the sign's going to stay on.
And I was cringing.
SINGER: ♪What goes up must come down♪
♪Liar, liar, you're a liar♪
♪I'll never be your friend again♪
(cheering and applause)
JILL: So I love to watch
these girls dance.
I totally enjoy the group numbers.
However, this one didn't
stick with me too much.
It didn't stand out much.
The only thing that stood out in my mind
was Peyton, because she was
eight feet taller than all the other kids.
And I'm not sure she pulled
off the bully role very well.
What do you think your
critique's going to be?
Better than Kendall.
Better than Kendall?
I thought you did better than Kendall too.
PEYTON: Thanks.
I think you'll be getting that sweatsuit.
ABBY: Peyton, you almost screwed
the whole entire dance up with the sign.
-You can't just like, stick it.
-Whoa, whoa, whoa.
No, no, whoa, whoa me.
-You have to make sure it's on there.
-Melissa's the one who didn't have
her daughter's ponytails up high enough.
Why you gotta say Peyton did--
it's her fault?
Well, yeah, but she has to correct
what she screwed up.
No, Abby. It starts from the beginning,
and it--
Did you just say, no, Abby?
LESLIE: No, Abby.
I thought she did fabulous.
Right, and you're not a dance teacher.
LESLIE: You tell me
how you thought she did?
I thought she was okay.
I think your turns, soutenu,
never crossed your thighs once.
You need to fix that turn out.
I thought that I was better
than most of the people
-for all around.
-ABBY: You thought you were better
-than most of the people in this group?
-PEYTON: Performance-wise.
Oh, that's cocky.
But that's how I feel, performance wise.
(suspenseful music playing)
Hmm.
I was appalled.
I cannot believe that a 14-year-old
young adult would open her mouth
and act like that
in a room full of amazing dancers.
Did you see everyone else dancing?
That's how I felt.
LESLIE: Of course she thought
she did great.
You know, every kid and every dancer
that gets out on that stage
thinks they're the best dancer.
And they think it, they just don't say it.
And you know,
Peyton being coerced, she said it.
(suspenseful music playing)
We have a really nice
camaraderie amongst the girls here,
but we don't critique each other.
I ask you how you felt about you,
not in comparison
to everyone else,
just about your performance.
-So everybody was perfect but Peyton?
-No.
LESLIE: You didn't critique
one other person.
I don't need to.
Peyton did for me. (laughs)
I don't think there is an apology
to get give the group.
She said it, it's out there,
and it was wrong, and it was bad.
It will take years to regain their trust.
These are her friends,
these are her comrades, this is her team.
She shouldn't belittle others.
That's my job.
(dramatic music playing)
ANNOUNCER: Ladies and gentlemen,
welcome to awards presentation.
(cheering and applause)
ABBY: I'm always nervous at a competition.
I have a group without
one of their key players,
I have a new member
that's a foot taller than everybody else.
I have another kid
that's still on probation
that keeps making mistakes.
Yes, of course I'm nervous.
ANNOUNCER: Junior solo, third place--
third place trophy going to act
number four, baby, I'm A Star.
Second place goes to act number 6, Pray.
(cheering and applause)
ANNOUNCER: And the first place winner,
junior solo division
is act number 12, The Girl I Want To Be.
(applause)
ABBY: Maddie won her division
which there was no doubt in my mind
that she was the strongest thing there.
I gave Chloe the opportunity.
This was her week,
she was at the top of the pyramid,
and she didn't even place.
She definitely needs to be reminded,
you're only as good
as your last performance.
ANNOUNCER:
On to the junior duo, trio division.
First place trophy over all goes to...
act number 21, My Boyfriend's Back.
(cheering and applause)
Congratulations.
KELLY: I have to admit,
when the trio did not place first,
I was kind of relieved.
I mean, their trio with Maddie,
Paige, and Chloe
has always won first place everywhere.
Now I can always say,
you should stick with what works.
(laughs)
ANNOUNCER: Intermediate
Modern Small Group, are you ready?
(cheering and applause)
Second place goes to
"I Love Rock And Roll."
-This is us.
-ANNOUNCER: First place goes to...
"Bad Time Girls."
(cheering and applause)
Nice job.
ABBY: The group dance also
did not win their category.
I thought for sure
with the level of difficulty
that they were going to win that,
and they didn't.
So either the judges didn't get it,
maybe they thought it was inappropriate,
I don't know.
Hello.
KID: Hello.
ABBY: Chloe...
(dramatic music playing)
Remember, I told you,
getting on top of that pyramid
is one thing, staying there's another.
No matter who your competition is,
no matter how long they've been doing it,
doesn't matter
if you're in that age category,
I want you to win that age category.
CHRISTI: It's so funny,
because Chloe finally earned her way
to the top of the pyramid,
and Abby has said some things to her
that are so out of line.
I've never heard her say
those things to Maddie.
But there's no favoritism.
ABBY: So Peyton,
how about that overinflated ego, huh?
This group's been winning,
winning, winning, winning.
Do you think they lost because of her?
I don't know, I don't know.
I'll have to read the judge's comments
and listen to the critiques
and see what they say.
Is she going to be able to dance
with the team again?
ABBY: I don't know.
I don't think what she did on stage
really is what my concern is.
It was coming back to the dressing room
and saying that she was fabulous
and everybody else stunk.
You know what, you flustered her.
She didn't mean it like that.
You're talking to your 14-year-old.
If you want to fight with somebody,
then you fight with me, her mother.
ABBY: It's not about fighting, Leslie.
If you can't say anything nice,
don't say anything at all.
But it's different.
People are paying me for my opinion.
So you are still on probation.
You know, Peyton's sassy little mouth
may have just ruined her chances
of getting off probation.
Maybe even getting on
this competition team.
-Abby's really mad at Peyton.
-LESLIE: Why?
HOLLY: Because of the way it came out
Peyton was talking about
the rest of the group dance
and her performance in comparison
to everyone else.
I will speak for myself, I took it
the same way the Abby said it.
Wait, wait, and then she apologized,
then you're still saying this to me?
Are you going to let me finish my comment?
Well, because I'm pissed off, that's why.
You don't accept apologies
from a 14-year-old?
I did accept her apology.
-But--
-No, no, no, no.
There's a lot of enabling going on.
Somebody shut you down,
and you can't handle it.
CHRISTI:
You aren't shutting me down, Leslie.
Yes, I did.
Ladies, I'm standing outside
with a dance teacher
that's a friend of mine,
and I can hear every word you're saying.
I'm still upset, Abby.
I know, but Leslie, you know what?
Your daughter's 14 years old.
You say that she's a grown up,
she's this, she's that.
She has a smart mouth on her,
you need to dig your
fingernails into her back
-and tell her to shut her mouth.
-Okay, stop.
Did you not put her on the spot
that brought her to that point
where she said something wrong
and apologize to you?
You did not put her on this team
because of her comment.
That's what I want to know.
-Yes.
-Then that's a shame.
Shame on you, and I hope
you feel better
-laying your head down on your pillow.
-No shame on me.
Don't shame on me.
LESLIE: You gonna
kick her off to the curb?
You don't walk into a dressing room
with a whole group of people
and say, I was fabulous,
and you all weren't.
-It's ridiculous.
-LESLIE: No, you pick--
you let her daughter off probation.
-That's why.
-You don't need to be here.
You said, you can find a dance
to put her in, I did.
If Peyton wouldn't have been in that,
that would have been Chloe's spot.
She came in here
and had this snotty little attitude,
and you back her up.
I don't think you guys will have to
put up with me much longer.
I'll be gone, this will be it.
(sobbing)
(tense music playing)